hi tube today we're playing Ready Steady
bag I don't know what this is there's a
little pixel cowboy and just looked
interesting so I freaking decided to
check it out which is the case most of
the time so I don't know why I'm saying
it let's go to one player because I'm
the only player in this house all the
players in the house put your hands up I
can't
I'm holding an iPad single player oh
yeah Arthur rightist speed reward gun
Sheriff ranked three dots no clue what
oh yeah it means I guess this guy's
wanted I mean what's not to want about
him just cuz he's got a back problem
doesn't mean he's not a ladies man what
is happening start I don't know what to
digging ready hey steady bang bang what
what is it what what oh okay I lost so I
guess I'm supposed to shoot him when he
tells me to let's freaking did I tell
you wait which one am I am I though I'm
the one at the bottom I'm an idiot what
if I just like shock myself
he's that's who I was tapping on thank
God what do you you are a freakin swift
guy you are a swift man if you were a
Pokemon attack he would be Swift
you never miss hey did I get you no I
don't know what to do let's click this
question mark tap anywhere on this side
of the dotted line when you hear the
bang or see the bang symbol appeared a
bit over screen tapping to early will
cause you to miss leaving you at the
mercy of your opponent oh maybe that's
what's happening since I'm just spamming
my finger alright let's do this again
thanks daddy
hey you were lesson with me you freaking
held out that bang for a long time then
let him do is a little dance I don't
care whatever I lost she's freakin put
me in a grave I don't even can't try
again let's do it alright so it's just
like a quick reaction kind of game
that's pretty cool hey steady you
freaking this is impossible
God freakin dang it oh I won that time
okay so I have to tap on the bottom
basically I was tapping on the top
because that just seemed logical to me
but who am I to define what larger case
really hey probably the least freaking
likely to be chosen Bank oh yeah dude
got your blood on the screen what you
know about it but you know about
bleeding in unit no I'm not done
trash-talking don't tell me to go
dang it dude I just want to talk to some
trash daddy okay no tuk dang it you have
a little dot above your head I think you
should get that checked out and stop
shooting me this is really hard
hey for me anyways thank-oo gotcha that
time wasn't expecting it your dot is
still alive though I think that was my
saliva nope it's still there wow I'm an
idiot
alright nice to them let's do this daddy
freaking dude he's never gonna beat me
again
he's never gonna be vegan dude showed
you who's boss oh my god I'm about to
win this not to win the crap out of this
game hey daddy getting cocky Oh still
won still won didn't stand a chance you
did me dancing upside down enjoy average
draw speed put two seven eight one ward
unlocked tweet your victory next cowboy
is there more Cowboys dude I hope so oh
my god there is that's freaking cool I
thought it was just gonna be the same
thing each time this drunk fellow bill
drooling reward what he loves and shrink
and I guess that's a it's an idea makes
you look the same as the last guy but I
guess you're sway stood which means I
have the advantage how are you gonna do
this without you
he's not that's the answer that's the
secret answer he just doesn't even know
it it's daddy
freaking dude you can get a reaction the
finger so clicky I got the clicky little
finger over here read a study come on
just come on two out of five three out
of five and meet me numbers numbers out
of numbers it's all really it's all it
is really that was so much Silas so much
pre-emptive time bro you don't stand a
chance my friend my enemy let's just be
real thank God did you get me god dang
it dude you're not supposed to spin your
gun around like that you show-off I need
to do my touchdown dance in honor of the
Super Bowl which is over oh god did I do
it do it a blew your head right off
I like your sick
cut it's like one pixel of hair he has a
mohawk a pixel mohawk I like it alright
let's do one more cowboy slow Jim dude
you're gonna blow yourself up you're
freakin psycho you psycho little guy
this guy has a nose or something I'm
just like to point out your appearance
[Music]
Shelley just give me a challenge it's
not like I was losing horribly when I
first started because I didn't know
which side of the screen to tap on dude
it has nothing to do with that thank God
wait Doug I still got him you just
looked like you had to go to the
bathroom I didn't know if I got him that
you're crazy Jim Oh God
I just wasted my bullet I think thank
you I screwed myself yep there you go
what an idiot slow Jim you crazy guy
probably laughing at me like whoa you're
freaking too early bro cuz you know guns
don't work play by their rules god dang
it Jim I thought you were slow spelled
incorrectly come on man prove yourself
maybe you'll get the correct spelling if
you slow down there you go there you go
mr. Jim maybe if you went to the gym you
could work out and deserve your name I
don't know I don't know what I'm saying
so suspenseful oh my god but it
shouldn't because look at how freakin
bad I'm meeting you jimothy getting
ready to one more freaking time we can
you do this - oh god I said we could do
this and then you prove me wrong and I
don't appreciate it oh my god I was
freaking I was very busy talking dude
sudden death it's gonna be your death
Jim it's gonna be or death
but yes okay can't just freak and lose
it and ruin everything new that'd be
horrible
you win average draw speed but numbers
that mean nothing to me one reward
unlocked can I see my freakin rewards
kill gallery down the barrel what I
cross her
what shoulder pin what what are you
talking about spin cycle what are these
things the ball banger that's my
favorite all right well on that note
thanks for watching this games pretty
freakin cool I like the way it looks and
it's it's a simple game but I still
freaking like this it's nice